
This Product Chooser dialog supports the ability to choose the product and its
options. By default, only the products and options available in your 
license files are shown.

This also goes by the name:
   - toolswap which is the Allegro command name
   - Change Editor
This dialog appears on tool launch and from the File->Change Editor (toolswap 
command). 

If you select the "Use as Default" option, the program will use your selections 
as the default product choices the next time the tool is run. This improves 
tool startup performance.

Tool options are enabled if the Product selected supports options.

When the Product Chooser dialog is invoked while the tool is running, it shows
the currently selected product and options.

Allegro PCB migration notes:
    - PCB Designer was called PCB Design Performance option L in 16.3.
    - PCB Designer with both the High-speed and Miniaturization options
      gives you the same amount of functionality as PCB XL in 16.3.

IMPROVING STARTUP PERFORMANCE:
Any of the following may be used to improve startup performance:
- Select the "Use as Default" option.
- Create a shortcut with the product and option selections on the tool's command 
  line (see below).
- Set the environment variable allegro_license_caching (default in 16.6).
- Set the environment variable "all_license_choices". This shows all available 
  products even if you do not have a license.
- Set the environment variale "license_nolegacy". This removes any product with
  Legacy in its name.

LICENSE CACHING:
If licensing caching is enabled (the default in 16.6), a checkbox appears
"Reset license cache" which allows resetting this cache. Unsetting the env 
variable, "allegro_license_caching", disables license caching.

License caching can improve program startup performance by storing the
license availability in a file in the user's pcbenv directory. The filename 
encodes both the program name and release number. This cache file only needs
to be reset if your administrator adds new product types to your Cadence 
license server or you switch servers. The cache does NOT need to be updated 
if the total number of licenses for a product is increased or decreased.

TIP: The message you are presented when editing a design saved under a different 
license can be suppressed by setting the db_tier_nomsg environment variable.

COMMAND LINE SUPPORT:
You can control the product and options used on tool launch by command line 
options. Example to use Allegro PCB tool with the Allegro PCB Editor product and
the Design Partition and High-Speed options use:
    allegro -product Allegro_performance -option Allegro_PCB_Partitioning -option Allegro_PCB_HighSpeed_Option

USER DEFINED PRODUCTS:
Users or CAD adminstrators can add new items to the product list via the 
User Defined Packages feature. For more information see:
	<cdsroot>/share/local/pcb/license_packages_template.txt

PRODUCTS AND OPTIONS NAMES:
The following tool command line options can be used to select the product and 
options. Only a single product option can be used but multiple options can
be specified.


